Update serverVersion usage (#3331)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/getting_started/install_ibexa_dxp.md

    It's recommended that you store the database credentials in your `.env.local` file, and not commit that file to the Version Control System.

> In `DATABASE_VERSION`, you can also configure the database server version (for a MariaDB database, use [the version as reported by the server](https://www.doctrine-project.org/projects/doctrine-dbal/en/3.10/reference/configuration.html#mariadb).).

Reviewer: I'd just link to https://www.doctrine-project.org/projects/doctrine-dbal/en/3.10/reference/configuration.html#automatic-platform-version-detection , it has interesting info for all DB platforms.

```suggestion
In `DATABASE_VERSION`, you can also configure the database server version.
For more information, see [Automatic platform version detection](https://www.doctrine-project.org/projects/doctrine-dbal/en/3.10/reference/configuration.html#automatic-platform-version-detection).
```

```suggestion
In `DATABASE_VERSION`, you can also configure the database server version.
For the expected version format, see [Automatic platform version detection](https://www.doctrine-project.org/projects/doctrine-dbal/en/3.10/reference/configuration.html#automatic-platform-version-detection).
```
(I haven't checked if dbal 3.10 is the one we use in project)

Author: @mnocon I checked, constraints like [`^3.7`](https://github.com/ibexa/core/blob/5.0/composer.json#L24) are leading to the use of [3.10.6](https://packagist.org/packages/doctrine/dbal#3.10.6).
